Make the ocis content versioned (#704)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/partials/deployment/services/env-and-yaml.adoc

////

////

> important: the xxx_deprecation.adoc does not extist for extended or global envvars. it may change for global envvars! therefore we need to query 'no_deprecation' to skip importing - or if we exclicitely dont want to show deprecated content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Important: The xxx_deprecation.adoc does not exist for extended or global envvars. It may change for global envvars! Therefore we need to query 'no_deprecation' to skip importing - or if we explicitly don't want to show deprecated content.
```

> when rendering an included content in a table, any attribute set in the included file is dropped and cant be queried. therefore we read upfront xxx_deprecation.adoc where only the deprecation state is set. having this we extra set 'show-deprecation' outside the tab but with the same value which is taken for building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When rendering an included content in a table, any attribute set in the included file is dropped and can't be queried. Therefore we read upfront xxx_deprecation.adoc where only the deprecation state is set. Having this extra, we set 'show-deprecation' outside the tab but with the same value which is taken for building.
```
